Sugar daddy: this is el aquel personaje que te paga el apartamento, te compre el carro, te lleva de viaje. No aquel que te pagas las soñas de veinte dólares. 

Desayunando con ---- desayuno ligero, light. Aquí tenemos el cheap cabazo de pollo, eh ciento cuarenta calorías. Le ponemos todo la clara de huevo. Porque la yema no nos interesa. Le agregamos un chin de queso, un poquito de queso. Mozarella light. Y lo puedes acompañar con un pan, un bagel. Que sólo tiene como ciento diez calorías y café negro por supuesto. Yo le pongo Splenda. Desayuno súper ligero de bajas calorías. Pero, ya mañana que es domingo, así me como mi pan con tonal. 

I heard you wanted to learn Spanish. Let’s do this. ‘Gary vas a terminarte el postre y te va a gustar.’ Tomorrow your class is at 7. 

Esta es mi voz cuando hablo español. This is my voice when I speak English. Esta es mi voz cuando I forget cómo se dice una palabra I speak Spanglish. Y allí acaba todo porque no sé más idiomas. Gracias. 

I need you now version Spanglish. No puedo controlar el deseo de llamarte hoy… For me it happens all the time… Prometí nunca llamar, tu número borrar and I need you now… I just need you now. I just need you now. 

In English we say snow cone. En español decimos piragua, cepillado, copo, granizado, raspadilla, raspado, raspao, yun yun. And I think it’s very confusing but beautiful.  

Primero tengo que pasar por el gas station. Por el grifo. La bomba. La estación del servicio. La gasolinera. La vencinera. Allí dónde uno le pone la gasolina en el carro. Parece que no supieras español. 

We’re here at the ---- state fair. We’re finna to ride some skater rides. Let’s go! I’m just kidding there’s no state fair this year. But we finna to eat like a fat ass today! Look at these big ass watermelons. A ver si está buena. No, no está buena. Look at all these fat asses, God. Wait I’m in it too. I’m here with my friend. She a little camera shy but, she’s single. Hit her up. She tiene papeles. They got giant turkey legs! Se escapó un turkey aquí. Bouta get some fried Oreo cuh. What’s up I’m here with a fan. What’s good?

Imagine waking up and you have to wear glasses or contacts so you can see. Cuatro ojos! So I’m a show you how to put contacts in. So you put the contact on your fingertip. Blink a few times. And to take it off just pull your eyelid down, and then pinch, then boom. 

Rating things I got hit with as a kid. Let’s get it! First up we got el cinto. Don’t let me get started on this! This was the go to weapon, especially the dads. They usually have belts on and when you see them unbuckle them… you better start running! For the pain level I give it a ten, no doubt. Next up we got la chancla. Them chanclas hurt, bro. And don’t let me get started on the accuracy. Them moms be like Dorás con su hammer y todo. They all become chanclas borraduras, bro. So, based on those stats I’m gonna give the pain level a solid eight. At number three we got el cable. This son of a bitch hurt like a – Since the cables are skinny, that’s what makes it hurt a lot. And after you’re done getting beaten with this, best believe you’re leaving with battle scars. So, based on personal experience I give this a solid nine. Like for part two! 

Let me know if this happens to y’all, cuz I aint the only one. So this one time I was gonna have a birthday party, right? I tell all my cousins to bring extra clothes cuz we’re gonna get wet. But wait, we got ---- over here who didn’t listen and didn’t bring extra clothes, right? So, my mom tells me que le presta una camisa and they’ll return it back. Guess what? He didn’t return that shit back! The best part is though, when you go to their house a few weeks later and you see them wearing your favorite shirt and you ask them aint that the shirt I gave you? They start acting all dumb now. They’re like, uh I don’t know what you’re talking about cuh, this is my shirt cuh. Keep in mind it’s been five years since I’ve seen my Transformers shirt. So, ----, if you’re seeing this. Give me my fucking shirt back! 

I low-key find it weird how nobody else celebrates Christmas on Christmas Eve, except for us Hispanics. Like we really got the mocosos over here asking every thirty minutes if it’s twelve AM yet to open presents. Like, no brah, shut up! And just because we open presents doesn’t mean the party’s over. We be going to sleep around seven while we got Billy and Samantha over here waking up at seven to open up the presents. Haha! Loser! But you know what sucks though? We’re going to be eating la comida que sobró which is tamales, pan dulce, pozole, you name it for breakfast, lunch, and dinner for the next week! 

Just cuz I’m bilingual don’t mean I’m fluent in both languages. Like here are some words I can barely pronounce in English. Alright, so the first word we got is rural. Like, rural, rural, rural, rural… Like bro! I sound like un perro del calle trying to say roo roo, roo roo roo roo! Ay, I hate myself. Second word, we got jewelry. Jewelry, jewelry, Julie… Bro! Ay, bro, I like you’re Julie! My what? Who’s Julie? Nah bro, you’re jewelry… Never mind! Then we got World War. Like I said it there cuz I said it slow and I was concentrating but you know if I had said it in a sentence, it’s like world… world… Then we got murderer. Like murder er, murder er. Murder. Bro! Murderer! I’m about to murder myself if I can’t say it! 

Out of everything y’all could’ve chosen. This was top comment. Oh my God. Alright so we got here the pañal, I mean the gift! So, we just gonna put the gift in there. Of course, you wanna make it pretty so um we’re going to use these grocery bags. Y otro para que sea más bonito…  and done! Okay, I’m gonna get her reaction. Wassup little brother, I got you’re present. Que lo habrá. You like my decorations? What do you think it is? Yeah, yeah. It’s a diaper. I’m just, you know, helping you out when you get older. Cuz, you know, you might have some accidents. So do you like your present or what? 

So, guys, my mom’s really mad at me right now, y déjalos digo porqué. So, my mom didn’t want to go to the store, so she told me to go and she gave me her card, y me dijo que comprar un galón de leche y que compras algo para ti. So, I was like, alright bet! Y luego que regreso con un galón de leche y me compro un nuevo iPhone. Y se enojó. ¿Qué te enojas, mom? You told me I could buy anything, mom. Ni te pasa, ama. 

Ama, dime porque cuando son las dos de la mañana y estás bien dormida, you can hear me making a hot pocket in the microwave. Pero, cuando tú gritas mi nombre desde la cocina, and I respond with mande, no me oyes. Like, keep that same energy brah! 

Are you a piojo? Cuz you’re always stuck in my head, chiquitita. Are you a taquera? Cuz I want some cabeza y lengua. I might not be Banda MS pero, háblame de ti, chiquita. Mi café favorito siempre será el de tus ojos. El cielo es azul, la noche es negra. Dile a tu mamá si quiere ser mi suegra. Pero si la va a las archivas mejor le diga nada.

You know you’re Mexican when… when you got this big ass blanket with any type of animal or la virgin. Winter’s coming up, so these finna come in clutch. 

Espera, espera, espera. What are you doing? What are you doing? Go get your license! Stop wasting time. Is it your anxiety that’s stopping you? Don’t worry! You’re gonna do good. Trust me. Pero, ya. 

Dare you to eat a jalapeño and the boys got you a 100 k likes. Man, that’s easy. And just to show you how much of a badass I am, lo echaré un poquito de Valentina. As you guys can see I got nothin to drink around me. No water, no nothing. It’s fiddin to be easy. Let’s get right into it. Vámonos cuh. It aint even that bad. As you guys can see it wasn’t that bad. 

Ay! To the people whose learning to drive, I got a tip for y’all. Si lo pones en R es de recio. Y luego si lo pones en D, es de despacito. If you want more helpful tips, follow me. Drive safe you guys! No quema cuh. 

You know you’re Mexican when… You got fake fruit decorations all over the house, like damn. Especially these fake apples, like da fuck. Every Mexican has these types of galletas in their house. Like, don’t get me wrong they smack with leche. Man, you already know we always stocked with tortillas. There’s never one day we don’t have tortillas. Man, you already know us beaners always got frijoles in the refrigerator ready to eat, like... And you can’t forget about all those chiles and jalapeños in this Tupperware. Man, we always got a big tub of Nesquik. It’s usually for our little brothers or sisters who always ask for choco in the morning because they never get tired of it, but like goddam. Can’t forget about las tostadas y también la maseca para las tortillas. 

You know you Mexican when you’re mom does this to all the bolsas. And then she says que no rompe las bolsas. Like, what? Like, how are we even supposed to open this bruh. Like, damn. Bruh, I just made a hole. Me va a chingar. 

Look growing up Latino’s amazing. You get to eat great food y ya puedo hablar en español. But look, here in the U.S. they tell me I’m too Mexican to be American. Pero, cuando voy a México, todos me dicen que soy muy gringo y quién sé que. And, also, because I know how to speak English, me dicen que no soy mexicano. Nadie me quiere. 

Hey, what’s the difference between you and una libreta. The libreta has papers. 

Espera, espera. My mom says I can’t got out today because she already let me out yesterday. Y porque tienes piojos. 

Sí, es complicado el inglés, pero… not if you already speak it! Oh, that’s my biggest flex on you guys sometimes. I’m just like, oh speak English about you and just be like mmm but I love you guys so I don’t say shit but I’m like when you guys correct me I’m like say one word in… ah. I can’t do it. Positivity, man. We are a group. Somos un grupo, los quiero mucho lo que estaba diciendo es que los quiero mucho y sí el inglés está difícil. 

Habrá papá. ¿Qué pasó? ¿Qué traes? Sí ves algo en inglés, no más habla así. Tienes que ver que yo soy nacido en los estados unidos, hablo inglés. De hecho si tu crees que hablo el español bien, hablo inglés diez veces mejor. Estaba leyendo algo de que hay 37 millones de mexicanos en los estados unidos. Y quién sabe los demás países latinoamericanos cuántos personas no hagan en los estados unidos. No todos de ellos hablan español, desafortunadamente, so you’re gonna have to let me do a little English so I can, you know, connect the bridges. Así que, no seas así, por favor. Tenga paciencia conmigo. Aprecio mucho tu apoyo, y gracias por comentar en mis videos, y te quiero mucho papá. Pero, aguántame, aguántame, papá. Ándale. Yo te cuido, yo te entretengo en español también, pero… así que… 

Girl, please don’t leave comments like this. My fuckin’ head starts going wooh! I could be in a novela. You know what I mean? But you really think I could do it? I’m trying to get that fuckin’ univisión contract, you know what I’m saying? I’m looking for a break. I’m putting in hundreds of hours making Tik Tok videos, made like 10 dollars. 

¿Qué onda? Y algunas personas que dijeron el mismo comentario en este video que hice. Eh, escogí el tuyo para responder porque no tienes videos y no creas contenido, entonces, mejor tú que otro. But real quick for all of my, uh, peeps in the United States, or wherever you’re at. This man says that carne asada fries is not Mexican food. Que carne asada hecho como nachos pero con papas fritas, no es comida mexicana. Primariamente, no creo que hagas, este, probada esta comida por qué si lo has probado, sabes que está súper rico. Y por qué quitarles a los mexicanos algo que ellos hacen que es muy bueno será para quebrar carne y quitarle lo orgullo de crear comida muy buena. O sea, somos conocidos por la gastronomía. Abre tu mente un poco. Solo llevo dos días en dieta y estos son los videos que estoy haciendo. 

Voy a empezar la dieta de Keto. Keto diet. Hoy no, mañana. 

Cuando estoy en los Estados Unidos, eh mis amigos me preguntan, que si, qué quiero comer. Es obvio, no quiero comer comida mexicana porque, pues, vivo en México. La comida mexicana sigue siendo la mejor comida del mundo, aunque estés en los Estados Unidos, México, China, Rusia, lo que tu quieras. Digo… Come on, baby! Come on, baby! Let’s go! Siempre, güey. Siempre comida mexicana. Quiero comida mexicana. Quiero tacos. Quiero carne asada fries. Literalmente podría comer tacos por el resto de mi vida. Mhm. 

He visto muchos comentarios negativos en páginas de otras personas y les quiero decir a ustedes que gracias por ser súper positivos. Ustedes me digan si estoy mal, pero no veo mucho hate en los comments y todo. Y, hoy vi que llegamos a ser 74 mil followers. Yo nunca iba a pensar que hace dos meses cuando hice esta cuenta tragando como un marrano alabando la gastronomía de Méxica que iba a resultar todo esto. Pero les quiero decir que los quiero mucho y más… en verdad, mucha de gracias por crecer conmigo y apoyar mi contenido. Y, no crucificarme por mi español. 

Okay, I just superglued this top. And as soon as my husband gets home I’m gonna ask him to open this. We’ll see! Honey, I need your help! Please, I cannot open it. Open it! I’m hungry. Muscles? I tried that… What is that noise? Honey! Stop it! What are you doing? I don’t need it anymore. No, mi amor. 

Let’s go Mr. Panzón. Let’s go Mr. Panzón. Let’s go, mi corazón. Let’s go, it’s late! Let’s go! You gained so much weight. You gained so much weight. The game tonight is at eight. You told me to tell you. It’s a little cold. All you do is eat. All you do is eat. Can you turn on the heat? I didn’t say that! I love your pancita. 

Mi amor, aquí está tu agüita. Here is your water, you’ve been working too hard. Here, drink it! Drink it! It’s good. Let my kids out of it! No le digas nada. Solo pretendes que estás tomando. ¡No habla inglés! See, taste it! It’s water! Water, right? I will never do anything. You good? You are exaggerating, come one! 

Story time, parte tres. En nuestra tercera cita planeó algo especial. Primero, fuimos al soccer game y después íbamos a ir a bailar. Mirábamos el partido, esto es lo que él hizo. Súper disimulado, nadie lo vio verdad. No trató de besarme, solo me embrazó. Fuimos a comer pizza y de ella a bailar. Bailamos toda la noche y le gustaba mucho bailar. Así que me encantó. Ya cuando me estaba dejando en mi casa, le necesitaba usar el baño. Entonces, me dijo si podría entrar y usarlo en su apartamento. Cuando terminó usar el baño, de casualidad me golpeó. Sí, justamente allí, y me dolió muchísimo. Entonces, lo mandé a buscar hielo. Porque, me dolía aún mucho. Finalmente, con el hielo, me dio un beso a la frente, me dio un beso. Me tomó por sorpresa, y así es cómo pasó. Ahora, han pasado ya doce años de esta, nuestra primera cita. 

Hola, story time de como conoció a mi esposo. En los dos mil ocho los dos abrimos cuentas en Eharmony. Es un online dating y así es cómo empezó todo. A mí me costó mucho al comienzo porque fueron como cincuenta mil preguntas y tenía palabras muy complicadas. Y en ese entonces mi inglés no era muy bueno hasta que tuve que agarrar un diccionario. Esta es la foto que puse. Mi esposo dice que cuando vio mi profile y vio mi foto dijo le tengo que escribir esta chica ya, pero ya. Mi esposo nunca había salido con una chica latina, pero me mandó un mensaje así. Yo estaba muy emocionada porque me dio un mensaje con uno o dos minutos de lo que había visto en mi profile. Entonces, leí todo acerca de ese chico, me fascinó dije que es excelente, dije que era hora de ver la foto. Esta es la foto que mi esposo puso en Eharmony. Exactamente así. Dije bueno, no es mi tipo pero si la computadora dice que es el mío porque no. 

Yes? Of course, what do you wanna learn today? Oh! That’s a super easy one. Popcorn in Spanish is, canchita. Mm, canchita en Perú. If you go to Colombia, it will be crispetas. In Venezuela, cotufas. En Ecuador, canguil. En Argentina, pochoclos. En Cuba, rositas de maíz. And, in Mexico, Palomitas de maíz. You see! Super easy. Muy, muy fácil. Spanish. Muy, muy fácil. Super easy! 

Hey, honey. ¿Cómo se dice nuestro en inglés? Y, ¿remo? Y, ¿o? Y, ¿mineral? Entonces, ¿cómo dirías “nuestro remo o nuestro mineral”? ¿Cómo? That’s the same word. Es la misma palabra. No, no. Inglés no es easy. No. 

Hey, honey. ¿Cómo se dice oveja en inglés? Y, ¿barato? ¿Enviar? No, esa es barco. Y, ¿sábanas? Entonces, ¿cómo dirías “La oveja envía sábanas baratas por barco”? Yo creo que inglés es más difícil. No, no very easy. 

Yep! Of course! Oh, that’s a easy one. That’s cañita. Say it again, cañita. Um, well. That’s in Peru. If you go to Mexico, it will be popote. But, if you go to Colombia it will be pitillo. But it you go to España it will be pajita. En Argentina, sorbete. And, in Puerto Rico, sorbeto. So which Spanish do you wanna learn? Yeah, Spanish is easy! No! 

Okay, I’m going to show you my hubby’s baby voice in the morning. Les voy a enseñar cómo se levanta mi esposo y con su voz de bebé. Mi amor. Honey! Did you have a good dream? ¿Dormiste rico? ¿Más que? Más rubbing. ¿Más? ¿Más? Say it again? No, I’m not going to put this on Tik Tok! Say más. Please!

Honey, I think I finally know why I look so fat. Are you agreeing with me that I look fat? ¿Me estás diciendo que…? ¡Venga acá! 

Okay, so this is a prank on my husband. This is what I’m wearing. Esta es una bromita en mi esposo, esta es lo que me estoy poniendo… Okay, I’m ready. ¡Vámonos! Do you like it? To the soccer game. Yeah. Yes. Vamos. Let’s go. Where are the kids? Yeah, what, you don’t like it? You don’t like it? Come on. Let’s go, we’re gonna be late. Okay. I love you, vámonos. Okay! You go first. 

